Fisrt Java :

//Write a program to print whether a number is even or odd, also take input from the user.
//Take name as input and print a greeting message for that particular name.
//Write a program to input principal, time, and rate (P, T, R) from the user and find Simple Interest.
//Take 3 numbers as input and print the largest number.
//To calculate Fibonacci Series up to n numbers.
//To find out whether the given String is Palindrome or not.
To find Armstrong Number between two given number.


Conditional Loops : 

Basic Java Programs:

 
Area Of Isosceles Triangle
Area Of Equilateral Triangle
Perimeter Of Circle
Perimeter Of Square
Volume Of Cone Java Program
//Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer
Input a number and print all the factors of that number (use loops).
Take integer inputs till the user enters 0 and print the sum of all numbers (HINT: while loop)
Take integer inputs till the user enters 0 and print the largest number from all.

Intermediate Java Programs :

Factorial Program In Java
Calculate Discount Of Product
Power In Java
Calculate Depreciation of Value
Calculate Batting Average
Compound Interest Java Program
Sum Of N Numbers
Armstrong Number In Java
Find Ncr & Npr
Reverse A String In Java
Find if a number is palindrome or not
Future Investment Value
HCF Of Two Numbers Program
LCM Of Two Numbers
Java Program Vowel Or Consonant
Perfect Number In Java
Jigar is allowed to go out with his friends only on the even days of a given month. Write a program to count the number of days he can go out in the month of August.
Write a program to print the sum of negative numbers, sum of positive even numbers and the sum of positive odd numbers from a list of numbers (N) entered by the user. The list terminates when the user enters a zero.


Functions :


Define two methods to print the maximum and the minimum number respectively among three numbers entered by the user.

Define a program to find out whether a given number is even or odd.

A person is eligible to vote if his/her age is greater than or equal to 18. Define a method to find out if he/she is eligible to vote.

Write a program to print the sum of two numbers entered by user by defining your own method.

Define a method that returns the product of two numbers entered by user.

Write a program to print the circumference and area of a circle of radius entered by user by defining your own method.

Define a method to find out if a number is prime or not.

Write a program that will ask the user to enter his/her marks (out of 100). Define a method that will display grades according to the marks entered as below:

 
Marks        Grade 
91-100         AA 
81-90          AB 
71-80          BB 
61-70          BC 
51-60          CD 
41-50          DD 
<=40          Fail 

Write a program to print the factorial of a number by defining a method named 'Factorial'. 
Factorial of any number n is represented by n! and is equal to 1 * 2 * 3 * .... * (n-1) *n. E.g.-
4! = 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 = 24 
3! = 3 * 2 * 1 = 6 
2! = 2 * 1 = 2 
Also, 
1! = 1 
0! = 1

Write a function to find if a number is a palindrome or not. Take number as parameter.

Convert the programs in flow of program, first java, conditionals & loops assignments into functions.

Write a function to check if a given triplet is a Pythagorean triplet or not. (A Pythagorean triplet is when the sum of the square of two numbers is equal to the square of the third number).

Write a function that returns all prime numbers between two given numbers.

Write a function that returns the sum of first n natural numbers.



Arrays : 

Build Array from Permutation
Concatenation of Array
Running Sum of 1d Array
Richest Customer Wealth
Shuffle the Array
Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies
Number of Good Pairs
How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number
Create Target Array in the Given Order
Check if the Sentence Is Pangram
Count Items Matching a Rule
Find the Highest Altitude
Flipping an Image
Cells with Odd Values in a Matrix
Matrix Diagonal Sum
Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits
Transpose Matrix
Add to Array-Form of Integer
Maximum Population Year
Determine Whether Matrix Can Be Obtained By Rotation
Two Sum
Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero
Lucky Number In a Matrix
Maximum Subarray
Reshape the Matrix
Plus One
Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
Minimum Cost to Move Chips to The Same Position
Medium
Spiral Matrix
Spiral Matrix II
Spiral Matrix III
Set Matrix Zeroes
Product of Array Except Self
Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
Jump Game
Rotate Array
Sort Colors
House Robber
Hard
Max Value of Equation
First Missing Positive
Good Array